yes they talked of this woman who came
up from cheap honky tonks to take her
place in society in the grandest house
on the smartest street in town Flamingo
Road but what was the shadowy story
behind her spectacular rise who were the
men of power and influence who became
the stepping stones that took her to
Flamingo Road was it Dan who taught her
to trust or was it field who taught it
along was it simple
who taught her to hate and crucify you
you and Dan both you're going to tell
him it was a frame-up that Dan is
innocent because if you don't I'll kill
you
you let him go quietly we'll both go
like that about time he asked you to
marry did you that was different
yes it was filled I was in love with you
you at least knew you weren't in love
with me
I thought I had more power than he had
you to be secure Dan it's not true no
one has ever played me for quite certain